Updates for admin partitions to include changes for RC (#11778)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/enterprise/admin-partitions.mdx

### Default Admin Partition

> Each Consul cluster will have a default admin partition (named `default`). The `default` admin partition is special because it may contain namespaces and other entities that are replicated between datacenters. The `default` partition must also contain the Consul servers.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each Consul cluster will have a default admin partition (named `default`). The `default` admin partition is special because it can contain namespaces and other resources that are replicated between datacenters. The `default` partition must also contain the Consul servers.  
```

Any resource created without specifying an admin partition will inherit the partition of the ACL token.

-> **Preexisting resources and the `default` partition**: Admin partitions were introduced in Consul 1.11. After upgrading to Consul 1.11 or later, the `default` partition will contain all resources created in previous versions.

### Naming Admin Partitions

Only characters that are valid in DNS names can be used to name admin partitions.
Names must also begin with a lowercase letter.

### Namespaces

> When an admin partition is created, it will include the `default` namespace. You can create additional namespaces within the partition. Resources created within a namespace will be inherited by the partition.

Reviewer: > `Resources created within a namespace will be inherited by the partition`

The phrasing of this statement is a little surprising to me. Given partitions contain namespaces, defining it as inheritance seems incorrect. `Resources created within a namespace are not shared across partitions` maybe?

### Cross-datacenter Replication

Only resources in the `default` admin partition will be replicated to secondary datacenters (also see [Known Limitations](#known-limitations)). 

### DNS Queries

Client agents will be configured to operate within a specific admin partition. The DNS interface will only return results for the admin partition within the scope of the client.

### Service Mesh Configurations

> Values specified for [`proxy-defaults`](/docs/connect/config-entries/proxy-defaults) and [`mesh`](/docs/connect/config-entries/mesh) configurations are scoped to a specific partition. Services registered in the partition will use the partition's `proxy-defaults` and `mesh` values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`proxy-defaults`](/docs/connect/config-entries/proxy-defaults) and [`mesh`](/docs/connect/config-entries/mesh) configurations created in a partition are scoped to that specific partition. Services registered in a partition will use that partition's `proxy-defaults` and `mesh` configuration.
```

### Security Configurations

* The agent token used by the client agent must allow `node:write` in the admin partition.
* The `write` permission for `proxy-defaults` requires `mesh:write`. See [Admin Partition Rules](/docs/security/acl/acl-rules#admin-partition-rules) for additional information.
* The `write` permissions for ingress and terminating gateways require `mesh:write` privileges.

> * Wildcards (`*`) are not supported when creating intentions for admin partitions. The partition name must be explicitly specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Wildcards (`*`) are not supported for the partition field when creating intentions for admin partitions. The partition name must be explicitly specified.
```

### Kubernetes Requirements

One of the primary use cases for admin partitions is for enabling a service mesh across multiple Kubernetes clusters. The following requirements must be met to create admin partitions on Kubernetes:

* Two or more Kubernetes clusters. Consul servers must be deployed to a single cluster. The other clusters should run Consul clients. 
* A Consul Enterprise license must be installed on each Kubernetes cluster.

> * The helm chart for consul-k8s v0.34.1 or greater.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The helm chart for consul-k8s v0.38.0 or greater.
```

>     image: hashicorp/consul-enterprise:1.11.0-ent-beta3

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    image: hashicorp/consul-enterprise:1.11.0-ent-rc
```

    adminPartitions:
      enabled: true
    acls:
      managedSystemACLs: true
    enterpriseLicense:
      secretName: license
      secretKey: key
  server:
    exposeGossipAndRPCPorts: true
  connectInject:
    enabled: true
    consulNamespaces:
      mirroringK8S: true
  controller:
    enabled: true
  meshGateway:
    enabled: true

>     replicas: 1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    replicas: 1
  dns:
    enabled: true
    enableRedirection: true
```

1. Copy the server certificate to the workload cluster.

  ```shell-session
  kubectl get secret server-consul-ca-cert --context <server-context> -o yaml | kubectl apply --context <client-context> -f -
  ```

1. Copy the server key to the workload cluster.

  ```shell-session
  kubectl get secret server-consul-ca-key --context <server-context> -o yaml | kubectl apply --context <client-context> -f -
  ```
1. If ACLs were enabled in the server configuration values file, copy the token to the workload cluster.
  ```shell-session
  kubectl get secret server-consul-partitions-acl-token --context <server-context> -o yaml | kubectl apply --context <client-context> -f -
  ```
1. Create the workload configuration for client nodes in your cluster. Create a configuration for each admin partition. In the following example, the external IP address and the Kubernetes authentication method IP address from the previous steps have been applied:

  <CodeTabs heading="clients.yaml">
  <CodeBlockConfig lineNumbers>

  ```yaml
  global:
    enabled: false
    enableConsulNamespaces: true

>     image: hashicorp/consul-enterprise:1.11.0-ent-beta3

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    image: hashicorp/consul-enterprise:1.11.0-ent-rc
```

    enabled: true
  meshGateway:
    enabled: true

>     replicas: 1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    replicas: 1
  dns:
    enabled: true
    enableRedirection: true
```
